Gao Yu, are you worthy of me?
Gao Yu, why is he here?
Let me explain.
I have broken up with him.
My dad is still lying in the hospital waiting for money to be saved
You said let me wait for you to get the money back.
Is that how you made me wait?
Ah, pull this crazy woman out of me Gao Yu
You promised to marry me
I've been with you for so many years
You want to start a business
I'll accompany you, you don't have the money to go to graduate school
I go out to earn money for your school
I give you everything with all my heart
Take care of your food and clothing like a nanny
You want to betray me now
Are you still human?
Gao, if you don't solve this matter today
You get out of the company immediately
May, don't be angry.
He's here for money.
You trust me.
Give me a few minutes.
I will definitely ask him to apologize to you.
Come with me!
Li Yue, have you had enough trouble?
You have to explain it to me today
Do you know how much today means to me?
Important. Do you know who that is?
The president's daughter
My promotion depends on him.
Your dad is still in the hospital waiting for Qian to be treated
How can I pay you if I don't get promoted?
Then you can't marry her either!
Marry what?
Engaged, engaged, do you understand?
It's just a show
I dragged the cloth and got the marriage license with him, and it was over
Li Yue, trust me
Me and him are just playing
Emotionless
I love you
Listen to me and apologize to everyone later
Just say you came to ask for money on purpose.
Let my daughter come home and wait for me, okay?
Don't try to lie to me.